---
layout: post
author: "Joseph Hargrove"
title: "#100DaysOfCode"
date:
description: "I begin 100 days of learning to code"
categories: 
published: true
cloudinary_id: https://res.cloudinary.com/dafocsz3k/image/upload/w_1000,ar_1:1,c_fill,g_auto,e_art:hokusai/v1668036955/jerin-john-RGUE3waNL98-unsplash_t60klr.jpg
image_alt: "laptop keyboard"
image_credit: "Jerin John"
image_credit_link: https://unsplash.com/@jerin10john?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText
image_credit_source: "Unsplash"
image_credit_source_link: https://unsplash.com/s/photos/keyboard?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText
---
So as I have said recently, I've been putzing around with the idea of starting #100DaysOfCode. A few months ago I started working my way through FreeCodeCamp. It's a great resource and I was progressing well but I got to a point where I had skipped a few projects and was cherry-picking the sections I was working on, jumping around to what looked interesting at the time. This isn't an ideal way to learn.   
<br>
Since then I have moved to some other learning resources and have also been focusing on this here blog. I've needed something to help me get back on track and as November approached I thought back to my two failed attempts at NaNoWriMo, or National Novel Writing Month. It turns out that writing 1667 words a day is a pretty tall ask for me. I do think an hour of coding is within reach. We'll find out if that's a foolish notion.   
<br>
I've decided to pull off the adhesive bandage. Here I am, saying out loud. Tomorrow I'll start my 100 days. No project. No plan really. It doesn't sound wise now that I'm typing it out, but if I don't get started I'll find excuse after excuse. I get home from taking Sister Golden Hair to school at 8:30ish and by 9:30 the boys have pooped and snacked and are all juiced up till lunchtime. That's their sweet spot, and if I can't get an hour of coding done then, I'll never do it.