---
layout: post
author: "Joseph Hargrove"
title:  "RailsConf Day One"
date:   2023-04-25
categories: 
published: true
description: "Our Hero tries to find his footing."
cloudinary_id: https://res.cloudinary.com/dafocsz3k/image/upload/v1682698412/IMG_2096_c2ow09.jpg
card_image: https://res.cloudinary.com/dafocsz3k/image/upload/ar_2:1,c_crop/v1682698412/IMG_2096_c2ow09.jpg
image_alt: "Crowd of people at RailsConf 2023"
image_credit: "Joseph Hargrove"
image_credit_link: https://treetopcodes.com/about/
image_credit_source: "treetopcodes.com"
image_credit_source_link: https://treetopcodes.com/
---
*I took about twenty thousand steps toward advancing my career today.*     
<br>
Day one of RailsConf 2023 is in the books now and my feet hurt. My fantastic guide Barrett has organized a 5k for tomorrow morning and I will most assuredly be sleeping through it. Sorry Barrett. Things moved fast and I shook a few hands, but good ol' social anxiety made its presence felt. Most of the past three years have been spent in the company of toddlers, and while Mr. Fantasy is becoming a fine conversationalist, and Pony Boy and I keep a recurring date for a midnight dance party, my ability to function socially around other adults has seemingly atrophied. Nobody here knows the words to "C is for Cookie", and certainly no one is interested in hearing it 20 times in a row. I haven't had to cut anybody's food up into smaller pieces, and while some of this crowd might refuse to eat my eggs, I doubt any of them would take the time to dump them on the carpet. They just don't fit my current model. And I'm kinda digging it.    
<br>
The day was a bit of a blur. It didn't help that after the Scholars and Guides mixer I stopped by the conference hotel bar and did my best to meet some folks. It took a little extra social lubricant than I'd have liked and before I knew it I was by myself in an Irish pub that was playing Bad Religion. Not the best way to start but I'll get there.     
<br>
I did manage to meet a few people, and it reinforced the reputation of the Ruby community as being open and friendly. And above all helpful. After waking up late and completely missing the breakfast social, which smelled great, I sat down for Eileen Uchitelle's exciting opening keynote. She set the tone for the week by reminding me how important it is to listen, and of course, reminding me that I was surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the world of software. Speaking of which, one of the first people I was introduced to was Justin Searls from Test Double. A face I instantly recognized from the Twitter. He was super friendly and seemed genuinely interested in my story. He even asked for one of my fancy new business cards, which unfortunately were left in my jacket pocket in the hotel room. I was mortified but the dear man let me scan his QR code and told me to reach out to him.        
<br>
After a quick jog to the hotel to retrieve my business cards, along with the rest of my luggage, just in case, I headed up to the Career Pathways room, a new feature at RailsConf sponsored by LEARN Academy, to get my professional headshot made. This was exciting but I think I like the puppet. The Career Pathways room proved to be one of my favorite features of the day. After taking some time to wander the "hallway track" where I met a few friendly strangers and a few more people I recognized from the Ruby world, I headed back upstairs where I sat in a small roundtable-style discussion on interview preparation with Chantelle Isaacs and Adam Cuppy from LEARN. They were great, and listening to the questions from the rest of the group, some of which were fellow scholars, helped give me some perspective on how other people were approaching their own career goals and where they were approaching them from. They both gave me solid advice on getting over my difficulties with the Zoom call format of interview, and also some fresh insight on leveraging the expertise from my former career.     
<br>
Next came lunch and the opening of the exhibit hall. I spent some time collecting swag and filling out forms, giving love to our fine sponsors, everyone from Weedmaps and Honeybadger, to Shopify and Sisco Meraki. I had a nice chat with the folks from Scout APM and a hands-on test drive from JetBrains almost has me convinced to give RubyMine a try. Then it was back upstairs to Career Pathways till the closing keynote, A fantastic panel on the mentor/mentee relationship.     
<br>
Back at the hotel, I had a FaceTime date with the boys to catch up on their day. Pony Boy ate two apples and Mr. Fantasy showed me how he could breakdance "like number five". Beats me. After all of the night-nights were over I felt a little nostalgic and took a train to midtown and walked around a bit, stopping by the Georgian Terrace and grabbing dinner at the Publik Draft House. I texted honeymoon memories to the Smokin' Hot Wife while I enjoyed my Falafel balls and a couple of IPAs. On my way to turn in for the night, I tried out the hotel bar again. It was much more crowded tonight but there were also a few more familiar faces. I'll be damned if it didn't happen again though. As soon as I got in that crowd everything stiffened up. All those years of schmoozing strangers across a bar top? Gone. The capable leader of young line cooks, spinning tales about services past while passing around after-work cocktails? Ancient history. The Treetop Lover? Never heard of him.     
<br>
So here I am, with the red-orange glow of the Tabernacle neon lighting up my window, pondering on how a global pandemic and three years out of the workforce can change a person in unexpected ways. I'm not down about it. I didn't come here to get my yearbook signed or find a date to the prom, and change is what I signed up for. I'm not the Treetop Lover, cocksure and hot-headed. But I'm still far from Joey, hulking Tourettic super-teen, slouching in the back row and trying not to be noticed. Nowadays I'm just Joseph. Good ol' Treetop to a few. A little slower and soft in the middle, but kinder and more patient. I've lost that need to prove myself, and at the end of the day, I know who I am and where I'm headed. So I'll get up in the morning, eat my continental breakfast, and go out there and do it again. Maybe tomorrow I'll be able to get out there and channel some of that pirate captain from my previous life, or maybe I won't. I came here for growth and change. The former takes some work, but the latter is one of the only things you can count on in life. And you can rest assured, when I head out that door in the morning, I'll be armed with a sense of self, and a sense of direction. And also a hastily printed QR code stuck under my phone case.
