---
layout: post
author: "Joseph Hargrove"
title:  "RailsConf 2023!"
date:   2023-03-05
categories: 
published: true
description: "Guess who's going to RailsConf!"
cloudinary_id: https://res.cloudinary.com/dafocsz3k/image/upload/v1678075554/railsconf_lxdnnj.jpg
image_alt: "RailsConf Atlanta 2023"
image_credit: "Ruby Central"
image_credit_link: https://rubycentral.org/
image_credit_source: "rubycentral.org"
image_credit_source_link: https://rubycentral.org/
---
*Guess who's going to RailsConf?*   
<br>
In fact, guess who is going to be a RailsConf scholar?    
<br>
That's right folks, ole Treetop is getting shown around the preeminent American Ruby on Rails conference in grand style.  It's my Code-tillion, if you will, and I can't wait to pick out a dress.    
<br>
All kidding aside, this news came at the best possible time. Work has been tough recently; not just "the work", but finding the balance with my other roles. Joseph, the web developer, is a fairly new role and it's going to take some time to find its place in the pecking order. Which reminds me, before Railsconf I have to finish fencing off the wife's garden because when I get back I'm converting the boys' old playhouse into a chicken coop.      
<br>
I can't yet explain just how excited I am about the opportunity this scholar program has opened up for me. The conference is three full days in Atlanta, GA, familiar stomping grounds. I'm also pretty hyped about spending some time in a city that I've long held to be a home away from home. My college years in Auburn found me nearly an [Honorary Citizen](https://youtu.be/bdKOvvYYMKs). My darling wife moved there in high school, straight from the [Georgia woods](https://youtu.be/tNWSI-AP1cA). We even spent our honeymoon putting on airs in the Georgian Terrace.    
<br>
This feels like the kind of thing that could help me nudge this slow transition into a full-tilt pivot.  I'm trying to keep my expectations in check. I've been to a few trade shows of this scale in my former life but only one programming conference, and it was much smaller and less focused. The schedule isn't out yet but I'm pretty confident I'll have more than enough to keep me busy. The guide thing is the most exciting part. Someone who can help me avoid analysis paralysis and who can ease the social aspect is going to be clutch. Which reminds me, I need to take Sister Golden Hair's car to the shop before I decide where to stay during the conference. The financial aid aspect of the scholar program means I could probably afford to stay in the conference hotel, and I feel like that might help me to get the most out of the trip, but I can't bet the whole bank on this. I don't think I need to resort to the Shasta trailer I found in someone's backyard in Cabbagetown, but I have found some much cheaper options.   
<br>
Regardless of where I lay my head, I'm sure that it will be filled with the latest and greatest that the Rails community has to offer. Judging from what I've seen of conferences past, there should be plenty of learning experiences appropriate to my level, and even more above. I've never been afraid to get in over my head. I listen to many podcasts and read a ton of blog posts that I just barely understand. I lurk in several Discord channels reading along as people help each other through high-level execution of concepts that I've just started to grasp using tools I've never heard of. It's probably not an ideal way to learn but I do pretty well not to get too distracted following rabbits down their holes.   
<br>
Lastly, on the topic of holes (sorry for that), I've felt a whopper of one in my social life since my semi-retirement. The restaurant industry is notoriously rough on a work/life balance, but it's also known to be a great source of found family and close community. Part of the tightness of those bonds comes from working elbow to elbow with each other for sixty plus hours a week. So far the stand-ups over Zoom calls and the Mattermost threads and PR comments haven't felt like getting to know anybody at all. I worked with a guy for most of last year and didn't know he was about to become a father till the day before the delivery. If he was my grill cook I might've known about it before he did. Part of this is on me. I know people form very real online relationships all the time. I don't discount those because the people involved have never met face-to-face, but it's not something I've ever been able to do. I'm not exactly looking for a family here. I've got one of those. I'm just accustomed to a sense of community in my work life that I don't feel in this new path, particularly in Montgomery, AL. Hopefully, while I'm honing my coding skills I can also work on some of those internet-age soft skills that I never fully developed. I've spent three years now in this pattern of slow growth but it's time for a fast break, and the nice folks at Ruby Central have put the ball in my court. Which reminds me, March Madness is nigh, and I want to run an app special for Selection Sunday. Jalapeno Hoop Cheese Biscuits anyone?   
